README.md, before:

HN Personal Blogs
=================

Hello!  This project provides a directory personal blogs from the
Hacker News (HN) community along with an OPML file.  Please visit the
following link to view these resources:

* [hnblogs.github.io][site]
* [blogs.opml][opml]

[site]: https://hnblogs.github.io/
[opml]: https://hnblogs.github.io/blogs.opml
[lisp]: blogs.lisp


Add Your Blog
-------------

To add your blog to the directory, add the details of your blog to
[blogs.lisp][lisp] and send a pull request to this project.

If you scroll down to the bottom of the [blogs.lisp][lisp] file,
you'll find an example entry that you can copy and paste to get
started.  While creating your PR, please follow these guidelines:

 1. Ensure that all blog entries remain sorted by name.
 2. Please keep the bio brief.  Ten to twenty words is okay.  A hundred
    or so words isn't.
 3. If you do not want to provide certain links, just delete that
    entire property.  For example, if you do not want to provide an
    'about' link, just delete the entire `:about` line from your entry.

That's it!  Once you create the PR, we'll take care of the rest.


Maintainers Needed
------------------

This project needs additional contributors to help review and merge
pull requests so that the blog list maintained in this project can
grow in a timely manner.

If you are an active member of the Hacker News community with a solid
history of participation, such as multiple submissions reaching the
front page and an active comment history, we would be glad to hear
from you.  Please reach out on [IRC][] so that we can discuss granting
review and merge access.


FAQ
---

 1. How is this different from the OPML available at
    [outcoldman/hackernews-personal-blogs][outcoldman]?

    The OPML file there is more comprehensive.  It currently includes
    over 1200 RSS feeds, whereas our project only has a small number
    of entries so far.  We hope that, with contributions from
    community members, our list will grow over time.  An important
    goal of this project is to maintain the list of bloggers together
    as a community.

    This project also goes beyond providing an OPML file.  In addition
    to the [OPML][opml], it offers a [website][site] that lists
    bloggers individually, with links to their websites and a short
    bio for each.

 2. Why did you not start by importing
    [outcoldman/hackernews-personal-blogs][outcoldman]?

    We have not yet had the time to do so.  The [data format][lisp]
    used by this project differs from theirs and requires additional
    information for each blog entry.  Translating the existing list
    into our format therefore takes a non-trivial amount of effort,
    which we have not been able to commit to yet.

    Contributions that add entries to this project, whether sourced
    from that list or elsewhere, are very welcome.

[outcoldman]: outcoldman/hackernews-personal-blogs


Licence
-------

This is free and open source software.  You can use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicence and/or sell copies of it, under
the terms of the MIT Licence.  See [LICENSE.md][L] for details.

This software is provided "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
express or implied.  See [LICENSE.md][L] for details.

[L]: LICENSE.md


Contact
-------

To report bugs or ask questions, [create issues][ISSUES].

Alternatively, you can also join our IRC channel [#hnblogs][IRC] on
Libera Chat to ask questions or just generally hang out with the
community.

[ISSUES]: https://github.com/hnblogs/hnblogs.github.io/issues
[IRC]: https://web.libera.chat/#hnblogs

Commit message:

Fix language about bio length limit in README

README.md, after:

HN Personal Blogs
=================

Hello!  This project provides a directory personal blogs from the
Hacker News (HN) community along with an OPML file.  Please visit the
following link to view these resources:

* [hnblogs.github.io][site]
* [blogs.opml][opml]

[site]: https://hnblogs.github.io/
[opml]: https://hnblogs.github.io/blogs.opml
[lisp]: blogs.lisp


Add Your Blog
-------------

To add your blog to the directory, add the details of your blog to
[blogs.lisp][lisp] and send a pull request to this project.

If you scroll down to the bottom of the [blogs.lisp][lisp] file,
you'll find an example entry that you can copy and paste to get
started.  While creating your PR, please follow these guidelines:

 1. Ensure that all blog entries remain sorted by name.
 2. Ensure that the bio text does not exceed 80 characters in length.
 3. If you do not want to enter certain links, just delete that entire
    property.  For example, if you do not want to provide an 'about'
    link, just delete the entire `:about` line from your entry.

That's it!  Once you create the PR, we'll take care of the rest.


Maintainers Needed
------------------

This project needs additional contributors to help review and merge
pull requests so that the blog list maintained in this project can
grow in a timely manner.

If you are an active member of the Hacker News community with a solid
history of participation, such as multiple submissions reaching the
front page and an active comment history, we would be glad to hear
from you.  Please reach out on [IRC][] so that we can discuss granting
review and merge access.


FAQ
---

 1. How is this different from the OPML available at
    [outcoldman/hackernews-personal-blogs][outcoldman]?

    The OPML file there is more comprehensive.  It currently includes
    over 1200 RSS feeds, whereas our project only has a small number
    of entries so far.  We hope that, with contributions from
    community members, our list will grow over time.  An important
    goal of this project is to maintain the list of bloggers together
    as a community.

    This project also goes beyond providing an OPML file.  In addition
    to the [OPML][opml], it offers a [website][site] that lists
    bloggers individually, with links to their websites and a short
    bio for each.

 2. Why did you not start by importing
    [outcoldman/hackernews-personal-blogs][outcoldman]?

    We have not yet had the time to do so.  The [data format][lisp]
    used by this project differs from theirs and requires additional
    information for each blog entry.  Translating the existing list
    into our format therefore takes a non-trivial amount of effort,
    which we have not been able to commit to yet.

    Contributions that add entries to this project, whether sourced
    from that list or elsewhere, are very welcome.

[outcoldman]: outcoldman/hackernews-personal-blogs


Licence
-------

This is free and open source software.  You can use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicence and/or sell copies of it, under
the terms of the MIT Licence.  See [LICENSE.md][L] for details.

This software is provided "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
express or implied.  See [LICENSE.md][L] for details.

[L]: LICENSE.md


Contact
-------

To report bugs or ask questions, [create issues][ISSUES].

Alternatively, you can also join our IRC channel [#hnblogs][IRC] on
Libera Chat to ask questions or just generally hang out with the
community.

[ISSUES]: https://github.com/hnblogs/hnblogs.github.io/issues
[IRC]: https://web.libera.chat/#hnblogs
